dude that was in a competitive fight how
good is Roundtree look how good oh you
said something on the Bronx many life's
in everyone's someone's book at a trip
down there making fucking plane trips to
Phuket my only thing is with that is
what's the grappling like out there hey
man I don't know man but get somebody to
help him get somebody back motherfucker
he throws some of the nastiest inside
leg kicks and so fast and he was total
Thai style I wish I could lift my arms
up you could tell you just I'll but he
was a light dude his timing his speed
was off the charts he fucked his leg up
I hope it again they're supposed to the
picture today about it but how up first
of all how fucking tough is air his
coaches what are you doing this is not a
title fight right this there's nothing
really on the line here it's just not
his day couldn't ask him game playing
for fun ask him to quit they just
wouldn't ask him to quit so fuck coach
is happy he's so tough Crimson Tide
alumni monster did year with John anak
said what he said he said it he goes he
loves when he fights because then Bruce
Buffer has to say your boy boy he's a
bad motherfucker because that guy does
not have a long history of mixed martial
arts like a lot of these guys way more
athletic than the blazed then a lot of
them but look kahlil's athletic is
fucked too man you know he used to be
under 20 pounds yeah he was huge
have you met guys to train with him
monster I'm just well I was impressed me
knocked out gokhan Saki and then I know
he lost to Johny Walker who's just a
beast I don't know what to make of
Johnny Walker
oh he's care I'm on the train but I'm
kind of like come on come on me too I'm
Johnny he's a bad motherfucker dude he's
something special he's something special
I'm not hope he didn't hurt his fucking
shoulder when he fell I know did that
worm thing I hope I hope he didn't
really hurt himself because if he really
hurt himself and they can't fix that
that would be a damn shame if the way he
got injured is falling down playing
around after an a spectacular victory I
thought he came out to thee was fine
though his
he's fun would say that I would say that
to me tell everybody you're fine we'll
fix this well fishy does look like it
though he's a freak dude he has crazy
power crazy power and he Hawk Khalil
with an elbow with up when those elbows
were your hands up high in thighs it in
the clinch but it was beautiful flat
line them it was but the way he did it
though like the Technic anybody gets
flat line with that fucking elbow
anybody that guy hits hard and how about
that's the fight he's Mike Lea went to
Thailand yes noise it's beautiful and
now he's all in he's like he's moving
there he's gonna move his family there
he's gonna do all his can so intense
it's so intense but when you have
results like that like I love it I love
a story like that I love a story like
that till a grappler comes around goes
more time that's cool Thailand riding
elephants and shit check this out but
that's what I'm worried about Phuket top
team and a lot of those places out there
an aka aka mic squeaks place they must
have wrestling I'm sure right came out
of a kmicic Academy but Mike Swick
wasn't exactly
wrestling well he but he knows what's
deal always with wrestlers yeah you're
right I mean he knew how to wrestle
swear could do everything yes he's been
the gate was I'm sure that mother but is
that where he's at a Kate out there hey
he's got his place out the mom says that
work alleles that I do not know I think
he's that straight kicking out Ambu
think he's doing the Rhinehart style
yeah coconuts he actually a lady boys go
to his CV go to clear Roundtree juniors
Instagram page because he posted thanks
after the fight
there's a lot of people doing it yeah
well a lot of people are going to
Thailand I think there's something to it
man learning in the motherland with
those dudes you know watching those guys
work out and train just to be in that
environment it's like good for the soul
know what it would be like he's the
nicest guy Joe the nicest guy that's
khalil sister that's me and him and his
crew you know he used to work at like an
MMA warehouse and sell shirts when he's
300 pounds I was like dude I want to
fight that's crazy
see if there's a thang go to the back to
the oh that's it right there
I'm sorry go back to that one this here
there it says teddy bear peachy indie
boxing see that link
that's the dude I think that's does the
gym so he's with or that's one of his
friends that's him he's training with
him right there that's the gym there
yeah that's not what I'm saying it's he
I want it then that dude is in shape I
want to see listen you want Khalil
Roundtree Junior kicking you he's
probably better off in that chair he's
looking yeah you'll be shaped like it
says do not his pads guy that helped him
with his pants he's doing work man yeah
damn look at the legs on that fucking
time it is he's on a Western diet son
he's like pass on the pad thai and get
me the Donald Trump fuck that noise
there's something to I think it's good
for the soul might be so being over
there you mean yeah there's something
about Khalil man oh this is a Me's doing
this just to make us law thank you I
shout out to that guy yeah there's
something about being in a place where
something was invented that must give
you like some extra juice